What do you get inside the course:
45+ hr. live practical sessions with industry experts
100+ hr. simulation oriented practice through highly empirical assignments
15+ hr. personalised coaching catering to students’ specific needs and desired outcomes.
15+ hr. training to facilitate a successful career through freelancing
20+ hr. assistance to help students build immaculate track records

Key Highlights:**
- This course is for those who want to learn how to get remote international opportunities from fast growing startups in the USA.
- Whether you are a beginner, intermediate or already have some expertise & experience in the field of US Corporate law but want to acquire mastery, we will take care of your learning needs. For absolute beginners we have special classes to bring them up to the mark.
- We do not teach bare acts, theories and case studies of US Corporate law in this course beyond passing references where you need to know. The focus is on practical skills so you can do real work/freelancing work that is done in companies, startups, MNCs. For that, whatever you need to learn, we will teach you.
- In 24 weeks, master 50+ most important and most sought-after professional skills.
- The focus here is on practically facing the real-time scenarios on the work available in the market, getting that evaluated and improving on the same.
- Learn the most important skills required to have a flourishing freelancing career.
- Learn to draft important legal documents like Employment Contracts, ESOP etc. with the use of templates.
- Attend two live sessions a week for 6 months, and work on realistic assignments that you will face in real-time situations.
- Also, get trained on how to do paralegal work to assist top USA law firms and corporate legal departments.
- Get internships, freelance work and jobs based on skills discussed in class.
- CA/CS/Legal professionals/Freshers who are struggling to earn well or get a well-paid job, this course can really help you. Learning professional skills can rapidly change your earning potential.
- Get access to 200+ high-quality templates that you can actually use to work with clients.


What will you learn from this course?
You will learn how to perform entity incorporation, conversion, winding up, investment and joint venture contracts, general corporate contracts, ESOPs, corporate governance, record-keeping around financial transactions and mortgages, everyday compliance under corporate and securities laws, which is of high relevance for clients when they engage remote freelancers. You will also learn about tools such as CARTA.
The tasks covered will be pursuant to various federal securities law and various state corporate laws in the US.
By learning how to perform these tasks, you will learn to remotely cater to legal departments of US corporations, US tech startups and US law firms and lawyers.
You will also learn how to develop your outreach by creating profiles on different freelancing platforms and develop the ability to write effective proposals.
By mastering these skills, you'll position yourself to excel in the legal landscape. You'll be empowered to:
Support US corporations, tech startups, law firms, and lawyers remotely.
Provide expert guidance on corporate transactions, contracts, and compliance.
Establish a strong online presence on freelancing platforms.
Write winning proposals that attract high-value clients.
Embark on this transformative journey to become a sought-after legal professional, adept in both corporate law and the dynamic world of remote freelancing.


Training Methodology : 

Online 24/7 access
Access study materials via our online portal & via our anroid & iOS apps.
Hard Copy Study Material
You will receive hard copy study material delivered to your address.
Practical Exercises
Two practical exercises every week, each followed by written feedback.
Live Online Classes
Live online classes based on exercises, allowing questions and feedback.
Convenient Class timings
Classes held after work hours, typically on Sundays or after 8 PM on weekdays.
Live Doubt Clearing
Live doubt clearing for support and one-on-one sessions with mentors.

What kind of assignments will you get?
Here is just a glimpse of the kind of assignments you will get:
Shalaka Renewables Limited, an Indian company engaged in renewable energy projects is looking to establish two subsidiary entities in the State of Delaware and California. The subsidiary entities will be engaged in purchasing industrial equipment. They have approached you for guidance on what are the available business forms or structures in these states and which one works better for them.
Sushant Sharma, an NRI, has recently incorporated an LLC in the state of Delaware. The company is in the business of developing augmented reality (AR) technology. He has now negotiated an investment transaction with Bloomingdale Ventures, for USD 3 mn. However, the investor has requested that he convert the LLC to a C-Corporation. Advise the client on what will change for him with the change in structure. Also list out the steps in the process.
James Figuiredo and Jose Fernandes, both Brazilian nationals, are looking to incorporate an LLC in the State of Wyoming. James is a marketing wizard while Jose is a technical genius. Both understand that their contribution to the business will be equal and therefore intend that they hold equal ownership in the entity. They want that for marketing decisions, James' decision will be final while for technical matters, Jose's decision will be final. For other matters, they are asking for your guidance as to which decisions should be unanimously taken by the Board and which ones should be allowed to be taken by any one of them as Directors. James, being the more experienced one will be the President, while Jose will be the CEO. Draft appropriate operating agreement for the LLC.
Sheila Quadri, a Mexican national, has incorporated an LLC in California. She now intends to set up C-Corporation in Delaware which will own the Californian LLC. However, she doesn't want to put herself as the owner of the C-Corporation, but still wants to control the decisions taken in the entity. Advise her on how this objective can be achieved and also on how the C-Corporation will acquire the LLC.
Anand Basu and Rajeev Desai, Indian Nationals have incorporated an C-Corporation in California, where they and their wives are the shareholders. However, they have now identified that the State of Delaware is a better place for them to carry out their business. Is it possible for them to "shift" their entity from California to Delaware? What do they need to do in order to achieve this?
Emilia Jones, an Australian founder of a chain of educational institutions operating in Australia now wants to have a presence in the US in the State of Texas. She is looking for the institution to be established as a company without any capital. However there will be a few investors who have agreed to contribute a specific amount for the development of the institution. Based on this information, please recommend a suitable business form or structure which Emilia can adopt, for her institution in the US. Also advise the procedure to set it up.
James Taylor, a UK based businessman has a Limited Liability Company in the State of Delaware. At the time of incorporation, James and John, his cousin, were the only two shareholders of the company. Later, John sold his stake to James and exited the company. James brought in a new investor by the name of Barry and sold 25% of his holdings to Barry. Barry is also looking to exit the company now, but is looking to retain half of his shares. James has approached you to list out all  documents which are required to be completed for these transactions. He has also informed you that:
No share transfer forms have been executed
No resolutions have been completed
List out the documents for James and create the missing documents.
Zamboree! is a startup making play kits for kids. Currently, the business is being carried out in the form of a partnership. There are three founders of the business: Zack, Zachary and Zara, who are siblings. They are now looking to incorporate but they are not sure of which positions they should occupy in the incorporated entity. The intention is that there is no imbalance of power in favour of any one sibling. Make a note for them stating about the roles of different officer positions in a US LLC and a C-Corporation and the powers and responsibilities of each of them.
Creative Mode Developers LLC (Creative), a Delaware entity, comprises a team of game developers specialised in creating various biomes for different kinds of games. Over a span of 2 short years, their business has grown significantly. They pitched their startup to Netherland Ventures Limited, a BVI based company, who have preliminarily agreed to invest in Creative. The investors however, are looking for a Simple Agreement for Future Equity (SAFE) to be executed in return of the money that they will invest. The investor will be issued preferred stock of the company at an agreed price. Draft the operative clauses of the Agreement related to financing and dissolution events for this transaction.
SYMT (Speak Your Mother Tongue) Private Limited is an Indian company training kids of NRIs to speak their mother tongue. Considering that it has a significant customer base in the US, it has now decided to set up a holding company in Delaware and raise money from wealthy NRI investors there. It is considering executing a Delaware flip by using a Delaware C-Corporation. Explain the founders when a Delaware flip can be executed and list out the steps to implement the flip. Also inform the founders about the issues that might arise while implementing this

List of skills you will learn through weekly exercises
You will learn about the American legal system and court structure to be able to use it in guiding clients
You will learn how to find the Corporations Code or the Corporations Laws of different states in the US
You will learn who the different corporate sector regulators are in the US
You will learn to distinguish between different types of business entities in the US and learn how to identify the right form of entity for a specific purpose
You will learn which forms of entities are most commonly used in the US
You will learn how to choose the right state to incorporate an entity in the US if you are a non-resident
You will learn how to incorporate a US entity in the states of Delaware, California, New York, Texas and Florida
You will learn how to convert  a Limited Liability Company (LLC) to a Corporation
You will learn how to convert one type of corporation into another
You will learn how to change the state in which your business is operating in the US
You will learn about which are the basic registrations required after incorporating an entity in the US and how to secure these registrations
You will learn about the different types of officers appointed in a US entity and what their roles and responsibilities are
You will also learn about the eligibility requirements to be appointed to these officer positions and the manner of appointment
You will learn about the available decision making levels in a US entity
You will also learn how the Directors or officers of a US entity can resign and what formalities need to be completed for their resignation
You will also learn how the Directors of a US entity can be removed and what formalities are required to be completed for their removal
You will learn about the different types of securities commonly used by US entities and the procedure for their issuance
You will learn about different types of share transactions such as buyback, transfers, splits etc. and the procedure for completing these transactions
You will learn about the compliance and record keeping requirements in relation to share issuances and other transactions as well as the movements in the capital of the company
You will learn the formalities required to be completed by an issuer of securities under the Blue Sky regime
You will learn about the different ways in which US entities can raise debt
You will learn about how US entities can issue debt securities
You will also learn about how US entities can give and take inter-corporate loans
You will learn about different types of investors and the stages in the investment process
You will learn about the various incentives available for investment in different US states and how you can avail these incentives
You will learn how you can support Indian entrepreneurs in executing a Delaware flip.
You will learn about different types of merger and acquisition transactions
You will learn about the merger process and how to support law firms and help companies with drafting an agreement of merger
You will learn about the US Bankruptcy process and how to support law firms engaged in providing bankruptcy related services to companies
You will learn about how US Companies can list on NYSE and NASDAQ stock exchanges
You will learn the methods of takeover of a US entity and also how to draft documents in relation to the takeover process
You will learn how to ensure compliance with US laws in relation to corporate governance
You will learn about the annual compliance requirements for a US company
You will learn about the different types of corporate litigation in a company and how you can support law firms handling such litigation cases
List of skills you will learn through weekly exercises
How to brief a client about the legal systems in the US and the US corporate regulators
How to advise a client on the best structure from the available structures or forms of business
How to advise a client on the best US state to incorporate based on the business
How to form a Limited Liability Company in Delaware, California, New York, Texas and Florida;
How to incorporate a Corporation in Delaware, California, New York, Texas and Florida
How to convert from other forms of business entities to a Limited Liability Company
How to convert from other forms of business entities to a Corporation
How to draft Partnership Agreements for a GP, LP, LLP
How to draft operating agreement for an LLC
How to draft by-laws for a C-Corporation
How to elect to become an S-Corporation
How to close business in one state and commence operations in another state
How to get an individual tax identification number and an employer identification number
How to appoint directors and officers in a Limited Liability Company as well as a Corporation
How to carry out the appropriate procedure for resignation and removal of directors and officers in a US corporation
How to help with the implementation of different policies in a US corporation
How to help with the contract management process i.e. review of contracts and ensuring execution and legalisation - notary and apostille
How to work with contract management databases
How to prepare Annual Reports / Annual Statements of Information for US entities
How to help with the filing and record keeping work in relation to the issue of shares
How to assist in the administration of a stock option scheme
How to format, redline and assist with the execution of term sheets and other transaction documents such as share purchase agreements, share subscription agreements and investor rights agreements
How to ensure compliance with Blue Sky regulations
How to assist with other types of share transactions such as share buybacks, share splits etc.
How to assist with completing records of borrowings and execute of debt related agreements
How to draft board and shareholder resolutions and unanimous written consents, convening committee, board and shareholder meetings
How to assist investors in availing investor tax credit
How to assist with drafting a plan of merger and convening of shareholders meetings and drafting resolutions for approval of merger
How to help non-US entities in establishing a presence in the US and guiding them on the ongoing formalities
How to help with convening meetings of shareholders in the event of a corporation going for insolvency
How to help a foreign law firm advising a US entity on listing procedures
How to help with ensuring AML / FINRA compliance and insider trading related compliance
How to help a foreign law firm advising a US entity on takeover / acquisition of shares, preparation of bear hug letters etc.
How to help a law firm with different types of corporate litigation
How to create your profile on various freelancing platforms and submit proposals for projects.
