
Money back guarantee
If you take this course, follow it diligently for a month, attend all classes and do all the exercises but still do not find value in it, or are not able to understand or follow it or not find it good for any reason, we will refund the entire course fee to you. It is a 100% money back guarantee with only one condition, you must pursue it properly for a month. If you don’t find it valuable after that, get your entire money back.

Certification
This course is recognized by the National Skill Development Corporation, a PPP under the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship of the Government of India. You will receive a certificate cobranded by NSDC and Skill India on successful completion.
This is how the certificate from NSDC and Skill India will look as per the current applicable format (may change as per the approval authorities):

Course Plan
Above prices are inclusive of all applicable taxes and charges.
Standard
RS. 66000
incl. of all charges
View details
Join the waitlist
Printed study material (by courier)
2 practical exercises/ Drafting exercises per week (24 weeks)
6  writing assignments
1-2 online live class/week
Get digital access to entire study material
Access on LMS, Android & iOS app
Instructor feedback on assignments
Doubt clearing on WhatsApp, LMS & classes
Instructor led course with online live classes
Online exams (give exams as per your convenience on given time slots)
Certificate (by courier)
CV enhancement
Coaching for professional networking
Internship & job support
Interview preparation support
Networking with students & alumni
Content access for 3 years
Doubt clearing within 24 hours
Top performers are recommended for jobs and client opportunities
Join the waitlist


Learn from 3000 Rs/Month
At Lawsikho, we also offer EMI plans in collaboration with our partners, making it easier for you to finance your courses. To learn more and check your eligibility, simply fill out the form, and our team members will connect with you for further information and next steps.

Diploma in Advanced Contract Drafting, Negotiation and Dispute Resolution


Payment Options:
One-Time Payment
Full Payment
28000
OR
Installment Payment
First Installment
15000
Total Payment for Installment
30000
